abramis brama
acipenser gueldenstaedtii
ahi
alaska blackfish
alligator gar
alosa pseudoharengus
amberjack
amberjacks
ambloplites rupestris
ameiurus catus
ameiurus melas
ameiurus natalis
ameiurus nebulosus
american eel
american shad
amia calva
anguilla anguilla
anguilla rostrata
arctic char
arctic charr
arctic grayling
ariopsis felis
atlantic cod
atlantic mackerel
atlantic salmon
bairdiella chrysoura
baltic herring
barbatula barbatula
barbus barbus
barbus petenyi
basa
black crappie
blackchin shiner
blacknose dace
bluefin
brill
brook stickleback
brown bullhead
butterfly kingfish
butterlips
california roach
callichthyinae
campostoma anomalum
carassius carassius
carassius cuvieri
carcharhinus leucas
catostomus commersonii
charr
chlamydoselachus anguineus
clarias gariepinus
coalfish
cobitis taenia
codfish
coho
confluentus
coregonus albula
coregonus clupeaformis
coregonus lavaretus
coreoperca kawamebari
creek chubsucker
creek chubsuckers
ctenopharyngodon idella
cutthroats
cyprinus carpio
dicentrarchus labrax
dolly varden
dolly varden char
dolly varden trout
dolphinfish
dourada
dover sole
echinorhinus brucus
eel catfish
electrophorus
engraulis encrasicolus
epinephelus akaara
esox lucius
esox masquinongy
eurasian ruffe
european eel
fallfish
fathead
fish
fishes
fluke
fluviatilis
freshwater drum
galapagos shark
galeus melastomus
gambusia affinis
gaspereau
gasterosteus aculeatus
gobio
grass pickerel
green sunfish
greenland halibut
groundfish
groundfishes
gulper shark
hog sucker
hornpout
ictalurus furcatus
ictalurus punctatus
jau
julimes pupfish
kakap merah
king mackerel
king salmon
kingfish
kokanee salmon
lake sturgeon
lampern
largehmouth bass
lepisosteus oculatus
lepomis cyanellus
lepomis gibbosus
lepomis macrochirus
leucaspius delineatus
leuciscus cephalus
leuciscus leuciscus
lieu jaune
longear sunfish
lutjanus bohar
lutjanus campechanus
lutjanus dentatus
macquaria australasica
macquarie perch
macrochirus
mahi mahi
makaira indica
megachasma pelagios
micromesistius poutassou
micropterus cataractae
micropterus dolomieu
micropterus dolomieui
micropterus punctulatus
micropterus salmoides
mirror carp
morone saxatilis
mossambicus
mountain whitefish
mudminnow
mugil cephalus
mulloway
mullus barbatus
mullus surmuletus
muskellunge
muskie
muskies
musky
nannygai
nemacheilus barbatulus
nile perch
nile tilapia
northern lake trout
oncorhynchus aguabonita
oncorhynchus clarki
oncorhynchus gorbuscha
oncorhynchus keta
oncorhynchus kisutch
oncorhynchus masou
oncorhynchus mykiss
oncorhynchus tshawytscha
oncorhyncus mykiss
order siluriformes
oreochromis aureus
oreochromis mossambicus
oreochromis niloticus
orfe
osmerus mordax
osphronemus goramy
pacific lamprey
perca flavescens
perca fluviatilis
pike perch
pikeminnow
pikeperches
pleuronectes platessa
pollack
pollan
polyodon spathula
pomoxis nigromaculatus
porbeagle
powan
prionace glauca
pumpkinseed
pumpkinseed sunfish
pylodictis olivaris
queenfish
raphael catfish
redear sunfish
redfin
redfin perch
redfin pickerel
redhorse
reef shark
rhinichthys atratulus
river blackfish
river lamprey
rockcod
rutilus rutilus
sac lait
saithe
salmo salar
salvelinus
salvelinus namaycush
sander lucioperca
sardina pilchardus
sardinops
saugeye
sawshark
sea perch
seatrout
seriola lalandi
sheefish
shellcracker
shortfin mako
siluris
silurus asotus
silurus glanis
silver bream
silver perch
silver salmon
smallmouth
smallmouth bass
smolts
sockeye
splake
squalius cephalus
steelhead trout
sterlet
stone loach
stone moroko
stoneroller
striped bass
suckerfish
suckermouth catfish
swellsharks
tautog
thunnus albacares
thymallus arcticus
thymallus thymallus
tiger muskellunge
tiger muskie
tiger trout
tomcod
topminnow
trisopterus minutus
trutta
trutta fario
tui chub
tullibee
wall eye
weakfish
westslope cutthroat
white crappie
white perch
white sturgeon
whitetip shark
winter flounder
xiphias gladius
xyrauchen texanus
yellowfin
yellowstone cutthroat
zoarces viviparus
