Africanglass catfish
African glass catfishes
African lungfish
African lungfishes
aholehole
aholeholes
airbreathing catfish
airbreathing catfishes
airsac catfish
airsac catfishes
Alaska blackfish
Alaska blackfishes
albacore
albacores
alewife
alewives
alfonsino
alfonsinos
algae eater
algae eaters
alligatorfish
alligatorfishes
Amago
Amagos
American sole
American soles
Amur pike
Amur pikes
anchovies
anchovy
anemone fish
anemone fishes
angelfish
angelfishes
angel shark
angel sharks
anglemouth
anglemouths
angler
angler catfish
angler catfishes
anglerfish
anglerfishes
anglers
Antarctic cod
Antarctic cods
Antarctic dragonfish
Antarctic dragonfishes
Antarctic icefish
Antarctic icefishes
antenna codlet
antenna codlets
arapaima
arapaimas
archerfish
archerfishes
Arctic char
Arctic chars
armored catfish
armored catfishes
armored gurnard
armored gurnards
armored sea robin
armored sea robins
armorhead
armorhead catfish
armorhead catfishes
armorheads
arowana
arowanas
arrowtooth eel
arrowtooth eels
aruana
aruanas
Asian carp
Asian carps
Asiatic glass fish
Asiatic glass fishes
Atka mackerel
Atka mackerels
Atlantic cod
Atlantic cods
Atlantic eel
Atlantic eels
Atlantic herring
Atlantic herrings
Atlantic salmon
Atlantic salmons
Atlantic saury
Atlantic sauries
Atlantic silverside
Atlantic silversides
Atlantic trout
Atlantic trouts
Australasian salmon
Australasian salmons
Australian grayling
Australian graylings
Australian herring
Australian herrings
Australian lungfish
Australian lungfishes
Australian prowfish
Australian prowfishes
Ayu
Ayus
Baikal oilfish
Baikal oilfishes
Bala shark
Bala sharks
ballan wrasse
ballan wrasses
bamboo shark
bamboo sharks
banded killifish
banded killifishes
bandfish
bandfishes
bango
bangos
bangu
bangus
banjo catfish
banjo catfishes
barb
barbel
barbeled dragonfish
barbeled dragonfishes
barbeled hound shark
barbeled hound sharks
barbelless catfish
barbelless catfishes
barbels
barbs
barfish
barfishes
barracuda
barracudas
barracudina
barracudinas
barramundi
barramundis
barred danio
barred danios
barreleye
barreleyes
basking shark
basking sharks
bass
basses
basslet
basslets
batfish
batfishes
bat ray
bat rays
beach salmon
beach salmons
beaked salmon
beaked salmons
beaked sandfish
beaked sandfishes
beardfish
beardfishes
beluga sturgeon
beluga sturgeons
bengal danio
bengal danios
bent-tooth
bent-tooths
betta
bettas
bichir
bichirs
bigeye
bigeyes
bigeye squaretail
bigeye squaretails
bighead carp
bighead carps
bigmouth buffalo
bigmouth buffaloes
bigmouth buffalos
bigscale
bigscale fish
bigscale fishes
bigscale pomfret
bigscale pomfrets
bigscales
billfish
billfishes
bitterling
bitterlings
black angelfish
black angelfishes
black bass
black basses
blackchin
blackchins
black dragonfish
black dragonfishes
blackfish
blackfishes
black mackerel
black mackerels
black pickerel
black pickerels
black prickleback
black pricklebacks
black scalyfin
black scalyfins
black sea bass
black sea basses
black smelt
black smelts
black swallower
black swallowers
black tetra
black tetras
blacktip reef shark
blacktip reef sharks
black triggerfish
black triggerfishes
bleak
bleaks
blennies
blenny
blind goby
blind gobies
blind shark
blind sharks
blue catfish
blue catfishes
blue danio
blue danios
blueeye
blueeyes
bluefin tuna
bluefin tunas
bluefish
bluefishes
bluegill
bluegills
blue gourami
blue gouramis
blue-red striped danios
blue-red striped danio
blue shark
blue sharks
blue triggerfish
blue triggerfishes
blue whiting
blue whitings
bluntnose knifefish
bluntnose knifefishes
bluntnose minnow
bluntnose minnows
boa fish
boa fishes
boarfish
boarfishes
bobtail snipe eel
bobtail snipe eels
bocaccio
bocaccios
boga
bogas
Bombay duck
Bombay ducks
bonefish
bonefishes
bonito
bonitos
bonnetmouth
bonnetmouths
bonytail chub
bonytail chubs
bonytongue
bonytongues
bottlenose
bottlenoses
bowfin
bowfins
boxfish
boxfishes
bramble shark
bramble sharks
bream
breams
bristlemouth
bristlemouths
bristlenose catfish
bristlenose catfishes
broadband dogfish
broadband dogfishes
brook lamprey
brook lampreys
brook trout
brook trouts
brotula
brotulas
brown trout
brown trouts
buffalofish
buffalofishes
bullhead
bullheads
bullhead shark
bullhead sharks
bull shark
bull sharks
bull trout
bull trouts
burbot
burbots
buri
buris
burma danio
burma danios
burrowing goby
burrowing gobies
butterfish
butterfishes
butterflyfish
butterflyfishes
butterfly ray
butterfly rays
California flying fish
California flying fishes
California halibut
California halibuts
California smoothtongue
California smoothtongues
canary rockfish
canary rockfishes
candiru
candirus
candlefish
candlefishes
capelin
capelins
cardinalfish
cardinalfishes
carp
carpet shark
carpet sharks
carps
carpsucker
carpsuckers
catalufa
catalufas
catfish
catfishes
catla
catlas
catshark
catsharks
cavefish
cavefishes
Celebes rainbowfish
Celebes rainbowfishes
central mudminnow
central mudminnows
cepalin
cepalins
chain pickerel
chain pickerels
channel bass
channel basses
channel catfish
channel catfishes
char
chars
cherry salmon
cherry salmons
Cherubfish
Cherubfishes
chimaera
chimaeras
chinook salmon
chinook salmons
chub
chubs
chubsucker
chubsuckers
chum salmon
chum salmons
cichlid
cichlids
cisco
ciscos
climbing catfish
climbing catfishes
climbing gourami
climbing gouramis
climbing perch
climbing perchs
clingfish
clingfishes
clownfish
clownfishes
clown loach
clown loaches
clown triggerfish
clown triggerfishes
cobbler
cobblers
cobia
cobias
cod
codicefish
codicefishes
codlet
codlets
codling
codlings
cods
coelacanth
coelacanths
coffinfish
coffinfishes
coho salmon
coho salmons
coley
coleys
collared carpet shark
collared carpet sharks
collared dogfish
collared dogfishes
Colorado squawfish
Colorado squawfishes
combfish
combfishes
combtail gourami
combtail gouramis
combtooth blennies
combtooth blenny
common carp
common carps
common tunny
common tunnies
conger eel
conger eels
convict blennies
convict blenny
cookie-cutter shark
cookie-cutter sharks
coolie loach
coolie loaches
cornetfish
cornetfishes
cowfish
cowfishes
cownose ray
cownose rays
cow shark
cow sharks
crappie
crappies
creek chub
creek chubs
crestfish
crestfishes
crevice kelpfish
crevice kelpfishes
croaker
croakers
crocodile icefish
crocodile icefishes
crocodile shark
crocodile sharks
crucian carp
crucian carps
cuchia
cuchias
cuckoo wrasse
cuckoo wrasses
cusk-eel
cusk-eels
cusk fish
cusk fishes
cutlassfish
cutlassfishes
cutthroat eel
cutthroat eels
cutthroat trout
cutthroat trouts
dab
dabes
dabs
dace
daces
daggertooth
daggertooth pike conger
daggertooth pike congers
daggertooths
damselfish
damselfishes
danio
danios
darter
darters
dartfish
dartfishes
dealfish
dealfishes
Death Valley pupfish
Death Valley pupfishes
deep sea anglerfish
deep sea anglerfishes
deep sea bonefish
deep sea bonefishes
deep sea eel
deep sea eels
deep sea smelt
deep sea smelts
deepwater cardinalfish
deepwater cardinalfishes
deepwater flathead
deepwater flatheads
deepwater stingray
deepwater stingrays
delta smelt
delta smelts
demoiselle
demoiselles
denticle herring
denticle herrings
desert pupfish
desert pupfishes
Devario
Devarios
devil ray
devil rays
discus
discuses
dogfish
dogfishes
dogfish shark
dogfish sharks
dogteeth tetra
dogteeth tetras
dojo loach
dojo loaches
Dolly Varden trout
Dolly Varden trouts
dorab
dorabs
dorado
dorados
dory
dories
dottyback
dottybacks
dragonet
dragonets
dragonfish
dragonfishes
dragon goby
dragon gobies
driftfish
driftfishes
driftwood catfish
driftwood catfishes
drum fish
drum fishes
duckbill
duckbilled barracudina
duckbilled barracudinas
duckbill eel
duckbill eels
duckbills
dusky grouper
dusky groupers
dwarf gourami
dwarf gouramies
dwarf gouramis
dwarf loach
dwarf loaches
eagle ray
eagle rays
earthworm eel
earthworm eels
eel
eel blennies
eel blenny
eel cod
eel cods
eel-goby
eel-gobies
eelpout
eelpouts
eels
eeltail catfish
eeltail catfishes
elasmobranch
elasmobranchs
electric catfish
electric catfishes
electric eel
electric eels
electric knifefish
electric knifefishes
electric ray
electric rays
electric stargazer
electric stargazers
elephant fish
elephant fishes
elephant nose fish
elephant nose fishes
elver
elvers
emperor
emperor angelfish
emperor angelfishes
emperor bream
emperor breams
emperors
escolar
escolars
eucla cod
eucla cods
eulachon
eulachons
European chub
European chubs
European eel
European eels
European flounder
European flounders
European minnow
European minnows
false brotula
false brotulas
false catshark
false catsharks
false moray
false morays
false trevally
false trevallies
fangtooth
fangtooths
fathead sculpin
fathead sculpins
featherback
featherbacks
featherfin knifefish
featherfin knifefishes
fierasfer
fierasfers
filefish
filefishes
finback catshark
finback catsharks
fingerfish
fingerfishes
firebar danio
firebar danios
firefish
firefishes
flabby whalefish
flabby whalefishes
flag blennies
flag blenny
flagfin
flagfins
flagfish
flagfishes
flagtail
flagtails
flashlight fish
flashlight fishes
flatfish
flatfishes
flathead
flathead catfish
flathead catfishes
flatheads
flat loach
flat loaches
flier
fliers
flounder
flounders
flying characin
flying characins
flying fish
flying fishes
flying gurnard
flying gurnards
football fish
football fishes
forehead brooder
forehead brooders
four-eyed fish
four-eyed fishes
freshwater eel
freshwater eels
freshwater flying fish
freshwater flying fishes
freshwater hatchetfish
freshwater hatchetfishes
freshwater herring
freshwater herrings
freshwater shark
freshwater sharks
frigate mackerel
frigate mackerels
frilled shark
frilled sharks
frogfish
frogfishes
frogmouth catfish
frogmouth catfishes
fusilier
fusiliers
galjoen fish
galjoen fishes
Ganges shark
Ganges sharks
gar
garden eel
garden eels
garibaldi
garibaldis
gar pike
gar pikes
gars
ghost flathead
ghost flatheads
ghost knifefish
ghost knifefishes
ghost pipefish
ghost pipefishes
ghoul
ghouls
giant danio
giant danios
giant gourami
giant gouramis
giant sea bass
giant sea basses
gianttail
gianttails
giant wels
gibberfish
gibberfishes
Gila trout
Gila trouts
gizzard shad
gizzard shads
glass catfish
glass catfishes
glass fish
glass fishes
glass knifefish
glass knifefishes
glowlight danio
glowlight danios
goatfish
goatfishes
goblin shark
goblin sharks
goby
gobies
golden dojo
golden dojos
golden loach
golden loaches
golden trout
golden trouts
goldeye
goldeyes
goldfish
goldfishes
gold spotted killifish
gold spotted killifishes
gombessa
gombessas
goosefish
goosefishes
gopher rockfish
gopher rockfishes
gourami
gouramis
gouramies
grass carp
grass carps
graveldiver
graveldivers
gray eel-catfish
gray eel-catfishes
grayling
graylings
gray mullet
gray mullets
gray reef shark
gray reef sharks
great white shark
great white sharks
greeneye
greeneyes
greenling
greenlings
green swordtail
green swordtails
grenadier
grenadiers
grideye
grideyes
ground shark
ground sharks
grouper
groupers
grunion
grunions
grunt
grunter
grunters
grunts
grunt sculpin
grunt sculpins
gudgeon
gudgeons
guitarfish
guitarfishes
gulf menhaden
gulf menhadens
gulper
gulper eel
gulper eels
gulpers
gunnel
gunnels
guppies
guppy
gurnard
gurnards
haddock
haddocks
hagfish
hagfishes
hairtail
hairtails
hairyfish
hairyfishes
hake
hakes
halfbeak
halfbeaks
half-gill
half-gills
halfmoon
halfmoons
halibut
halibuts
halosaur
halosaurs
hamlet
hamlets
hammerhead shark
hammerhead sharks
Hammerjaw
Hammerjaws
handfish
handfishes
hardhead catfish
hardhead catfishes
harelip sucker
harelip suckers
hatchetfish
hatchetfishes
hawkfish
hawkfishes
herring
herrings
herring smelt
herring smelts
hillstream loach
hillstream loaches
hogsucker
hogsuckers
hoki
hokis
horn shark
horn sharks
horsefish
horsefishes
hound shark
hound sharks
huchen
huchens
humuhumu-nukunuku-apua‘a
humuhumu-nukunuku-apua‘as
icefish
icefishes
ide
ides
ilisha
ilishas
inanga
inangas
inconnu
inconnus
Indian mullet
Indian mullets
iniom
inioms
jack
Jack Dempsey
Jack Dempseys
jackfish
jackfishes
jacks
Japanese eel
Japanese eels
jawfish
jawfishes
jellynose fish
jellynose fishes
jewelfish
jewelfishes
jewel tetra
jewel tetras
jewfish
jewfishes
john dory
john dories
Kafue pike
Kafue pikes
kahawai
kahawais
kaluga
kalugas
kanyu
kanyus
kelpfish
kelpfishes
kelp perch
kelp perchs
killifish
killifishes
king of herring
king of herrings
king-of-the-salmon
king-of-the-salmons
kissing gourami
kissing gouramis
knifefish
knifefishes
knifejaw
knifejaws
koi
kois
kokanee
kokanees
kokopu
kokopus
kuhli loach
kuhli loaches
labyrinth fish
labyrinth fishes
ladyfish
ladyfishes
lagena
lagenas
lake trout
lake trouts
lake whitefish
lake whitefishes
lampfish
lampfishes
lamprey
lampreys
lancetfish
lancetfishes
lanternfish
lanternfishes
large-eye bream
large-eye breams
largemouth bass
largemouth basses
largenose fish
largenose fishes
leaffish
leaffishes
leatherjacket
leatherjackets
lefteye flounder
lefteye flounders
lemon shark
lemon sharks
lenok
lenoks
leopard danio
leopard danios
lightfish
lightfishes
lighthouse fish
lighthouse fishes
limia
limias
ling
lingcod
lingcods
lings
lionfish
lionfishes
livebearer
livebearers
lizardfish
lizardfishes
loach
loach catfish
loach catfishes
loaches
loach goby
loach gobies
loach minnow
loach minnows
longfin
longfin dragonfish
longfin dragonfishes
longfin escolar
longfin escolars
long-finned char
long-finned chars
long-finned pike
long-finned pikes
longfins
longjaw mudsucker
longjaw mudsuckers
longneck eel
longneck eels
longnose chimaera
longnose chimaeras
longnosed ace
longnosed aces
longnose lancetfish
longnose lancetfishes
longnose sucker
longnose suckers
long nose whiptail catfish
long nose whiptail catfishes
long-whiskered catfish
long-whiskered catfishes
lookdown catfish
lookdown catfishes
loosejaw
loosejaws
Lost River sucker
Lost River suckers
louvar
louvars
loweye catfish
loweye catfishes
luminous hake
luminous hakes
lumpsucker
lumpsuckers
lungfish
lungfishes
lyretail
lyretails
mackerel
mackerels
mackerel shark
mackerel sharks
madtom
madtoms
mahi-mahi
mahi-mahis
mahseer
mahseers
mail-cheeked fish
mail-cheeked fishes
mako shark
mako sharks
manefish
manefishes
man-of-war fish
man-of-war fishes
Manta Ray
Manta Rays
marblefish
marblefishes
marine hatchetfish
marine hatchetfishes
marlin
marlins
masu salmon
masu salmons
medaka
medakas
medusafish
medusafishes
megamouth shark
megamouth sharks
menhaden
menhadens
merluccid hake
merluccid hakes
Mexican blind cavefish
Mexican blind cavefishes
Mexican golden trout
Mexican golden trouts
midshipman
midshipmans
milkfish
milkfishes
minnow
minnows
Modoc sucker
Modoc suckers
mojarra
mojarras
mola
molas
molly
mollies
monkeyface prickleback
monkeyface pricklebacks
monkfish
monkfishes
mooneye
mooneyes
moonfish
moonfishes
Moorishidol
Moorishidols
mora
moras
moray eel
moray eels
morid cod
morid cods
morwong
morwongs
Mosessole
Mosessoles
mosquitofish
mosquitofishes
mosshead war bonnet
mosshead war bonnets
mouthbrooder
mouthbrooders
Mozambique tilapia
Mozambique tilapias
mrigal
mrigals
mud catfish
mud catfishes
mudfish
mudfishes
mud minnow
mud minnows
mudskipper
mudskippers
mudsucker
mudsuckers
mullet
mullets
mummichog
mummichogs
murray cod
murray cods
muskellunge
muskellunges
mustache triggerfish
mustache triggerfishes
mustard eel
mustard eels
naked-back knifefish
naked-back knifefishes
nase
nases
needlefish
needlefishes
neon tetra
neon tetras
New World rivuline
New World rivulines
New Zealand smelt
New Zealand smelts
nibbler
nibblers
noodlefish
noodlefishes
North American darter
North American darters
North American freshwater catfish
North American freshwater catfishes
northern anchovy
northern anchovies
northern clingfish
northern clingfishes
northern lampfish
northern lampfishes
northern pearleye
northern pearleyes
northern pike
northern pikes
northern sea robin
northern sea robins
northern squawfish
northern squawfishes
northern Stargazer
northern Stargazers
Norwegian Atlantic salmon
Norwegian Atlantic salmons
nurseryfish
nurseryfishes
nurse shark
nurse sharks
oarfish
oarfishes
oceanic flying fish
oceanic flying fishes
oceanic whitetip shark
oceanic whitetip sharks
ocean perch
ocean perchs
ocean sunfish
ocean sunfishes
oilfish
oilfishes
oldwife
oldwives
Old World knifefish
Old World knifefishes
Old World rivuline
Old World rivulines
olive flounder
olive flounders
opah
opahs
opaleye
opaleyes
orange roughy
orange roughies
orangespine unicornfish
orangespine unicornfishes
orange striped triggerfish
orange striped triggerfishes
orbicular batfish
orbicular batfishes
orbicular velvetfish
orbicular velvetfishes
Oregon chub
Oregon chubs
oreo
oreos
Oriental loach
Oriental loaches
Owens pupfish
Owens pupfishes
Pacific albacore
Pacific albacores
Pacific argentine
Pacific argentines
Pacific cod
Pacific cods
Pacific hake
Pacific hakes
Pacific herring
Pacific herrings
Pacific lamprey
Pacific lampreys
Pacific salmon
Pacific salmons
Pacific saury
Pacific sauries
Pacific trout
Pacific trouts
Pacific viperfish
Pacific viperfishes
pacu
pacus
paddlefish
paddlefishes
píntano
píntanoes
píntanos
paperbone
paperbones
paradise fish
paradise fishes
parasitic catfish
parasitic catfishes
parrotfish
parrotfishes
peacock flounder
peacock flounders
peamouth
peamouths
pearl danio
pearl danios
pearleye
pearleyes
pearlfish
pearlfishes
pearl perch
pearl perches
pearl perchs
pejerrey
pejerreys
peladillo
peladilloes
peladillos
pelagic cod
pelagic cods
pelican eel
pelican eels
pelican gulper
pelican gulpers
pencil catfish
pencil catfishes
pencilfish
pencilfishes
pencil smelt
pencil smelts
perch
perches
Peter's elephantnose fish
Peter's elephantnose fishes
pickerel
pickerels
pigfish
pigfishes
pike
pike blennies
pike blennies
pike blenny
pike characid
pike characids
pike conger
pike congers
pike eel
pike eels
pikehead
pikeheads
pikeperch
pikeperchs
pikes
pilchard
pilchards
pilot fish
pilot fishes
pinecone fish
pinecone fishes
pink salmon
pink salmons
pipefish
pipefishes
piranha
piranhas
pirarucu
pirarucus
pirate perch
pirate perchs
plaice
plaices
platy
platyfish
platyfishes
platies
pleco
plecoes
plecos
plownose chimaera
plownose chimaeras
plunderfish
plunderfishes
poacher
poachers
pollock
pollocks
pomfret
pomfrets
pompano
pompano dolphinfish
pompano dolphinfishes
pompanos
ponyfish
ponyfishes
poolfish
poolfishes
popeye catafula
popeye catafulas
porbeagle shark
porbeagle sharks
porcupinefish
porcupinefishes
porgy
porgies
Port Jackson shark
Port Jackson sharks
powen
powens
priapum fish
priapum fishes
prickleback
pricklebacks
pricklefish
pricklefishes
prickly shark
prickly sharks
prowfish
prowfishes
pufferfish
pufferfishes
pumpkinseed
pumpkinseeds
pupfish
pupfishes
pygmy sunfish
pygmy sunfishes
queen danio
queen danios
queen parrotfish
queen parrotfishes
queen triggerfish
queen triggerfishes
quillback
quillbacks
quillfish
quillfishes
rabbitfish
rabbitfishes
raccoon butterflyfish
raccoon butterflyfishes
ragfish
ragfishes
rainbowfish
rainbowfishes
rainbow trout
rainbow trouts
rasbora
rasboras
ratfish
ratfishes
rattail
rattails
ray
rays
razorback sucker
razorback suckers
razorfish
razorfishes
redfish
redfishes
redhorse sucker
redhorse suckers
redmouth whalefish
redmouth whalefishes
redside
redsides
red snapper
red snappers
redtooth triggerfish
redtooth triggerfishes
red velvetfish
red velvetfishes
red whalefish
red whalefishes
reedfish
reedfishes
reef triggerfish
reef triggerfishes
regalwhiptail catfish
regalwhiptail catfishes
remora
remoras
requiem shark
requiem sharks
ribbonbearer
ribbonbearers
ribbon eel
ribbon eels
ribbonfish
ribbonfishes
ribbon sawtail fish
ribbon sawtail fishes
rice eel
rice eels
ricefish
ricefishes
ridgehead
ridgeheads
riffled ace
riffled aces
righteye flounder
righteye flounderes
righteye flounders
Rio Grande perch
Rio Grande perchs
river loach
river loaches
river shark
river sharks
river stingray
river stingrays
rivuline
rivulines
roach
roaches
roachs
roanoke bass
roanoke basses
rock bass
rock basses
rock beauty
rock beauties
rock cod
rock cods
rocket danio
rocket danios
rockfish
rockfishes
rockling
rocklings
rockweed gunnel
rockweed gunnels
rohu
rohus
ronquil
ronquils
roosterfish
roosterfishes
ropefish
ropefishes
rough pomfret
rough pomfrets
rough scad
rough scads
rough sculpin
rough sculpins
roughy
roughies
roundhead
roundheads
round herring
round herrings
round stingray
round stingrays
round whitefish
round whitefishes
rudd
rudderfish
rudderfishes
rudds
ruffe
ruffes
Russian sturgeon
Russian sturgeons
sabalo
sabalos
sabertooth
saber-toothed blennies
saber-toothed blenny
sabertoothfish
sabertoothfishes
sabertooths
sablefish
sablefishes
sailback scorpionfish
sailback scorpionfishes
sailbearer
sailbearers
sailfin silverside
sailfin silversides
sailfish
sailfishes
salamander fish
salamander fishes
salmon
salmons
salmon shark
salmon sharks
sandbar shark
sandbar sharks
sand burrower
sand burrowers
sand dab
sand dabs
sand diver
sand divers
sand eel
sand eels
sandfish
sandfishes
sand goby
sand gobies
sand knifefish
sand knifefishes
sand lance
sand lances
sand perch
sand perchs
sand roller
sand rollers
sand stargazer
sand stargazers
sand tiger
sand tigers
sand tilefish
sand tilefishes
sarcastic fringehead
sarcastic fringeheads
sardine
sardines
sargassum fish
sargassum fishes
sauger
saugers
saury
sauries
sawfish
sawfishes
saw shark
saw sharks
sawtooth eel
sawtooth eels
scabbard fish
scabbard fishes
scaleless black dragonfish
scaleless black dragonfishes
scaly dragonfish
scaly dragonfishes
scat
scats
scissor-tail rasbora
scissor-tail rasboras
scorpionfish
scorpionfishes
sculpin
sculpins
scup
scups
scythe butterfish
scythe butterfishes
sea bass
sea basses
sea catfish
sea catfishes
sea chub
sea chubs
seadevil
seadevils
seadragon
seadragons
seahorse
seahorses
sea lamprey
sea lampreys
sea moth
sea moths
sea raven
sea ravens
sea robin
sea robins
sea snail
sea snails
sea toad
sea toads
sea trout
sea trouts
sergeant major
sergeant majors
Sevan trout
Sevan trouts
shad
shads
shark
sharks
sharksucker
sharksuckers
sharpnose pufferfish
sharpnose pufferfishes
sheatfish
sheatfishes
sheepshead
sheepshead minnow
sheepshead minnows
sheepsheads
shell-ear
shell-ears
shiner
shiners
shortnose chimaera
shortnose chimaeras
shortnose greeneye
shortnose greeneyees
shortnose greeneyes
shortnose sucker
shortnose suckers
shovelnose sturgeon
shovelnose sturgeons
shrimpfish
shrimpfishes
Siamese fighting fish
Siamese fighting fishes
sillago
sillagoes
sillagos
silver carp
silver carps
silver dollar
silver dollars
silver driftfish
silver driftfishes
silver hake
silver hakes
silverside
silversides
sind danio
sind danios
sixgill ray
sixgill rays
sixgill shark
sixgill sharks
skate
skatemoss
skatemosses
skates
skilfish
skilfishes
skipjack tuna
skipjack tunas
skipping goby
skipping gobies
sleeper
sleeperes
sleepers
sleeper shark
sleeper sharks
slender barracudina
slender barracudinas
slendermola
slendermolas
slendersnipe eel
slendersnipe eels
slickhead
slickheads
slimehead
slimeheads
slimy mackerel
slimy mackerels
slimy sculpin
slimy sculpins
slipmouth
slipmouths
small-eyesquaretail
small-eyesquaretails
smalltoothsawfish
smalltoothsawfishes
smelt
smelts
smelt-whiting
smelt-whitings
smoothdogfish
smoothdogfishes
smoothtongue
smoothtongues
snailfish
snailfishes
snake eel
snake eels
snakehead
snakeheads
snake mackerel
snake mackerels
snake mudhead
snake mudheads
snapper
snappers
snipe eel
snipe eels
snipefish
snipefishes
snoek
snoeks
snook
snooks
snubnose eel
snubnose eels
snubnoseparasitic eel
snubnoseparasitic eels
soapfish
soapfishes
sockeye salmon
sockeye salmons
soldierfish
soldierfishes
sole
soles
South American darter
South American darteres
South American darters
South American Lungfish
South American Lungfishes
southern Dolly Varden
southern Dolly Vardens
southern flounder
southern flounders
southern grayling
southern graylings
southern hake
southern hakes
southern sandfish
southern sandfishes
southern smelt
southern smelts
spadefish
spadefishes
spaghetti eel
spaghetti eels
Spanish mackerel
Spanish mackerels
spearfish
spearfishes
speckled trout
speckled trouts
spiderfish
spiderfishes
spikefish
spikefishes
spinefoot
spinefoots
spiny-back
spiny-backs
spiny basslet
spiny basslets
spiny dogfish
spiny dogfishes
spiny dwarf catfish
spiny dwarf catfishes
spiny eel
spiny eels
spinyfin
spinyfins
splitfin
splitfins
spookfish
spookfishes
spotted danio
spotted danios
spotted dogfish
spotted dogfishes
sprat
sprats
springfish
springfishes
squarehead catfish
squarehead catfishes
squaretail
squaretails
squawfish
squawfishes
squeaker
squeakers
squirrelfish
squirrelfishes
staghorn sculpin
staghorn sculpins
stargazer
stargazers
starry flounder
starry flounders
steelhead
steelheads
stickleback
sticklebacks
stingfish
stingfishes
stingray
stingrays
stonecat
stonecats
stonefish
stonefishes
stoneroller minnow
stoneroller minnows
straptail
straptails
stream catfish
stream catfishes
streamer fish
streamer fishes
stripedbass
stripedbasses
stripedburrfish
stripedburrfishes
sturgeon
sturgeons
sucker
suckermouth armored catfish
suckermouth armored catfishes
suckers
summer flounder
summer flounders
Sundaland noodlefish
Sundaland noodlefishes
sunfish
sunfishes
surf perch
surf perches
surf perchs
surf sardine
surf sardines
surgeonfish
surgeonfishes
swallower
swallowers
swamp-eel
swamp-eels
swampfish
swampfishes
sweeper
sweepers
swordfish
swordfishes
swordtail
swordtails
tadpole cod
tadpole cods
tadpole fish
tadpole fishes
tailor
tailors
taimen
taimens
tang
tangs
tapetail
tapetails
tarpon
tarpons
telescopefish
telescopefishes
temperate bass
temperate basses
temperateocean-bass
temperateocean-basses
temperate perch
temperate perches
temperate perchs
tench
tenches
tenchs
tenpounder
tenpounders
tenuis
tenuises
tetra
tetras
thornfish
thornfishes
thorny catfish
thorny catfishes
thornyhead
thornyheads
threadfin
threadfins
threadfin bream
threadfin breams
threadsail
threadsails
threadtail
threadtails
threespine stickleback
threespine sticklebacks
threespot gourami
threespot gouramis
three-toothed puffer
three-toothed puffers
thresher shark
thresher sharks
tidewater goby
tidewater gobies
tiger barb
tiger barbs
tiger perch
tiger perches
tiger shark
tiger sharks
tiger shovelnose catfish
tiger shovelnose catfishes
tilapia
tilapias
tilefish
tilefishes
titan triggerfish
titan triggerfishes
toadfish
toadfishes
tommyruff
tommyruffs
tompot blennies
tompot blenny
tonguefish
tonguefishes
tope
topes
top minnow
top minnows
torpedo
torpedoes
torpedos
torrent catfish
torrent catfishes
torrentfish
torrentfishes
trahira
trahiras
treefish
treefishes
trevally
trevallys
triggerfish
triggerfishes
triplefin blennies
triplefin blenny
triplespine
triplespines
tripletail
tripletails
tripodfish
tripodfishes
trout
trout cod
trout cods
trout-perch
trout-perchs
trouts
trumpeter
trumpeters
trumpetfish
trumpetfishes
trunkfish
trunkfishes
tube blennies
tube blenny
tube-eye
tube-eyes
tubeshoulder
tubeshoulders
tube-snout
tube-snouts
tuichub
tuichubs
tuna
tunas
turbot
turbots
turkeyfish
turkeyfishes
unicornfish
unicornfishes
upside-down catfish
upside-down catfishes
velvet-belly shark
velvet-belly sharks
velvet catfish
velvet catfishes
velvetfish
velvetfishes
vendace
vendaces
vimba
vimbas
viperfish
viperfishes
wahoo
wahoos
walking catfish
walking catfishes
wallago
wallagos
walleye
walleyes
walleye pollock
walleye pollocks
walu
walus
war bonnet
war bonnets
warmouth
warmouths
wartyangler
wartyanglers
waryfish
waryfishes
waspfish
waspfishes
weasel shark
weasel sharks
weatherfish
weatherfishes
weever
weevers
weeverfish
weeverfishes
wels catfish
wels catfishes
whale catfish
whale catfishes
whalefish
whalefishes
whale shark
whale sharks
whiff
whiffs
whiptail gulper
whiptail gulpers
whitebait
whitebaits
white croaker
white croakers
whitefish
whitefishes
white marlin
white marlins
white shark
white sharks
whitetip reef shark
whitetip reef sharks
whiting
whitings
wobbegong
wobbegongs
wolf-eel
wolf-eels
wolffish
wolffishes
wolf-herring
wolf-herrings
woody sculpin
woody sculpins
worm eel
worm eels
wormfish
wormfishes
wrasse
wrasses
wrymouth
wrymouthes
yellow-and-black triplefin
yellow-and-black triplefins
yellowbanded perch
yellowbanded perches
yellow bass
yellow basses
yellow-edged moray
yellow-edged morays
yellow-eye mullet
yellow-eye mullets
yellowfin croaker
yellowfin croakers
yellowfin cutthroat trout
yellowfin cutthroat trouts
yellowfin grouper
yellowfin groupers
yellowfin pike
yellowfin pikees
yellowfin pikes
yellowfin surgeonfish
yellowfin surgeonfishes
yellowfin tuna
yellowfin tunas
yellowhead jawfish
yellowhead jawfishes
yellowjack
yellowjacks
yellowmargin triggerfish
yellowmargin triggerfishes
yellow moray
yellow morays
yellow perch
yellow perches
yellowtail
yellowtail amberjack
yellowtail amberjacks
yellowtail barracuda
yellowtail barracudas
yellowtail clownfish
yellowtail clownfishes
yellowtail horse mackerel
yellowtail horse mackerels
yellowtail kingfish
yellowtail kingfishes
yellowtails
yellowtail snapper
yellowtail snappers
yellow tang
yellow tangs
yellow weaver
yellow weavers
zander
zanders
zebrabullhead shark
zebrabullhead sharks
zebra danio
zebra danios
zebrafish
zebrafishes
zebra lionfish
zebra lionfishes
zebra loach
zebra loaches
zebraoto
zebraotos
zebrapleco
zebraplecos
zebra shark
zebra sharks
zebra tilapia
zebra tilapias
ziege
zieges
zingel
zingels
